chore: add issue template for feature requests (#854)
eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Help us with new ideas
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

# Feature Request

> _If you have an idea or an improvement for this project that should be discussed first, please feel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_If you are missing a feature or have an idea how to improve this project, please feel 
```

free to open up a [discussion](https://github.com/eclipse-dataspaceconnector/DataSpaceConnector/discussions/categories/ideas)._

> ## What Area Will This Influence?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Which Areas Would Be Affected?
```

_e.g., DPF, CI, build, transfer, etc._

> ## Why Is the Feature Wanted?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why Is the Feature Desired?
```

_Are there any requirements?_

## Solution Proposal
_If possible, provide a (brief!) solution proposal._

## Type of Issue
_i.e., new feature, improvement, cleanup, etc._

## Checklist

> - [ ] assigned correct label?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] assigned appropriate label?
```
There might not be an exactly matching label.

> - [ ] assigned project, if necessary? (_see the section on the right-hand side -->_)

Reviewer 2: I don't think non-committers can do that. Also, does that not happen automatically?

Author: I agree with you, will remove it.

> Also, does that not happen automatically?

No, it does not, as we could have multiple projects and decided to not have an "open issue" and "backlog" section.

Author: The automatism takes place as soon as an issue is initially added to the backlog.
